{"pages":["The LinkedIn Event Framework","After virtual events took off in a big way during COVID-19, they show no signs of slowing down. Businesses and event organisers have learnt that virtual events can, and should, co-exist alongside in-person events, as each has its merits. Virtual events offer a wider reach, greater accessibility and scalability. They also tend to be more cost effective and environmentally friendly. This guide was created to help businesses and event organisers get ahead with virtual events on LinkedIn. Click on any point of the journey to get started. The LinkedIn Event Framework Best practices across the event lifecycle Event marketing on LinkedIn Driving quality registrations, for on- and off-platform events Engaging, measuring and reporting success Proving impact and distilling learning insights for future events","Introducing the LinkedIn Event Framework Winning with events","The LinkedIn Event Framework Before the event During the event After the event Engage Survey Plan Plan Event objectives, format & type, team roles & responsibilities Set up Platform selection, training & rehearsals Promote Event marketing Engagement strategies Attendee survey Follow- up Marketing actions & sales actions Learn Debrief & learnings Success metrics Registration diagnostics Number of registrations, registration rate, quality of registrations Success metrics Viewer engagement Number of viewers, viewer rate, quality of viewers, peak viewership, engagement levels Success metrics Post-event opportunities Sales leads, sales opportunities to network, post-event actions by attendees This framework is built on universal principles that you can apply to your next event, whether you are hosting it on LinkedIn or not. Measure Marketing impact","Plan to succeed: Event type Determine the type of event that would best suit your objectives Virtual events • Global reach • In-depth learning • Hyper-relevant content • Deep connections • Organic networking • Ceremonial recognition • You want the greatest possible audience reach • You want a highly measurable event experience • Meeting in person is not realistic or feasible Hybrid events • Optimized for accessibility • Global reach • A sense of togetherness • You want the event to be inclusive to everyone’s needs • It is possible for some attendees to meet in person In-person events • Deep connections • Organic networking • Ceremonial recognition • In-depth learning • Everyone in one room • Your content is only meant for those in the room • There is a need to celebrate a specific individual or audience • It is feasible for everyone to meet in person Event type Great for… Not great for… Say ‘yes’ if… Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Plan to succeed: Event format Marketing Objective Event Format Example Brand Building “I want to make our brand real” Annual gathering Community Engagement “I want to foster connections” CXO roundtable Thought Leadership “I want to showcase our expertise” Fireside chat Product Awareness “I want to demonstrate value” Webinar Lead Generation “I want to build product interest” Product workshop Start with your motivation for hosting an event and match your marketing objective to an appropriate event format Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Plan to succeed: Live or pre-recorded? Live • Makes for a more engaging and authentic experience for the audience • Can be adapted on the fly • Faster to produce • Can be less costly in terms of production • Allows greater production control, including editing multiple takes and superimposing graphics or lower- thirds • Can be more comfortable for speakers • Can be easily repurposed • Could be subject to technical issues and other hiccups • Requires rolling with any mistakes • Relies on moderator and speakers to keep the event on track • Doesn’t engage the audience as much • Doesn’t allow for improvisations • Can feel too polished or cold • Requires lead time prior to the event to produce • Can be more costly in terms of production Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Plan to succeed: Planning the programme What are the main reasons you would attend a live virtual professional event? 50%To hear content being presented in real time 40%Network with other professionals in real time 38%Interact with speakers in real time 25%Talk to a brand rep about products/services Take inspiration from what LinkedIn members want from a live virtual event when planning your own Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","“I personally love evergreen streams —something that shows expertise, but you could go back to that same live stream a week, a month (maybe not a year) from now, and it would still be relevant.” Goldie Chan Head of Community, Lighttricks goldie Whether you keep it simple or go the whole nine yards, your virtual event can still be engaging • Arrange for event swag to be delivered to attendees for greater brand immersion • Offer event helpdesks via email or live chat to provide technical support to attendees • Leverage networking spaces and moments as virtual chat spaces and virtual mixers • Create moments of entertainment/surprise and delight such as a surprise guest • Avoid long agendas that occupy full days • Break up lengthy content with intermissions • Source attendee feedback through polls, Q&A’s, and live chats ResourcesResources: Low Resources: High Resources: Average Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up https://www.linkedin.com/in/goldie/","Plan to succeed: Roles & responsibilities Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Event Owner/Executive Producer Key decision maker, wholly responsible for the event Event Project Manager Drives the event from concept to delivery Producer Works across key stakeholders to create event content/assets; runs technical checks Stream Manager Manages event platform and monitors live stream output for natural latency/delays and technical issues Speaker Manager Welcomes and prepares speakers to go live Screener / Chat Moderator Manages live chat stream and screens audience questions for speakers/moderators Event Photographer Captures screen grabs from the event Technical team Engagement team","Setting it up: Training and rehearsals for speakers Environment recommendations ☐ If presenting from home, find a quiet space free of any personal items, trademarks, copyrighted images, company logos, etc. ☐ Ensure there is adequate lighting. ☐ Maintain a distance from a clean and uncluttered background to avoid distracting audiences. ☐ If pre-recording over multiple days, keep track of your wardrobe and create the same set-up each day for visual continuity. ☐ Silence notifications on your mobile phone and computer. Technical recommendations ☐ Hardwire ethernet connections are more stable than WiFi. ☐ Regardless of connection type, always check your internet connection and speed before the event. Speed test sites are freely available online. ☐ Check that the computer is firmly connected to an electrical outlet. ☐ Check the web camera view for environment and lighting. ☐ Check that the microphone is picking up adequate sound. Wardrobe recommendations ☐ Avoid wearing all white; other solid colours work best on camera. ☐ Choose clothing that is business casual. Be comfortable yet professional in appearance. ☐ Avoid small prints, stripes, plaid, or intricate patterns that can create moire (the perception of movement) on camera. ☐ Unless otherwise specified, avoid clothes with logos and trademarks. ☐ Keep jewellery, if any, simple. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Setting it up: Training and rehearsals for moderators Moderator recommendations ☐ Meet and rehearse with panellists prior to the event to build rapport and comfort ☐ Prepare additional panel questions ahead of time in case there are not enough from the audience. ☐ Discuss and prepare procedures for hand- offs, any complicated sequences, and back- up plans in case something goes awry. ☐ Make sure to keep track of time. ☐ Respectfully jump in to speak during content such as panel discussions and Q&As to keep the message and agenda on track. ☐ Infuse energy into the event to avoid lulls and keep the audience engaged. ☐ Have genuine curiosity in what others are saying. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up “In virtual events, people can see you magnified. I encourage moderators to give the same listening expressions and cues you would when listening to someone in-person: nod your head, smile discreetly, actively listen as the other panellists speak. This creates maximum human connection in a virtual environment.” Simone Heng Human connection specialist and author of Secret Pandemic: The Search for Connection in a Lonely World simone-heng-speaker http://www.linkedin.com/in/simone-heng-speaker","Setting it up: Choosing a virtual event platform • Ability to reach and host a large audience • Low barriers to entry for audiences to join the event • Audience chat function to facilitate participation Multi-day conferences • Availability of breakout rooms • Audience chat and polls to maintain engagement over longer or multiple sessions Highly interactive • Ability to bring speakers “on stage” • Audience chat, polls and Q&A functions Nature of experience Key considerations Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up When choosing a virtual event platform, consider the experience you want to deliver One-to-many broadcast streams Different platforms may be designed for different use cases. LinkedIn Live is optimized for broadcasting live video content to engage your community at scale. Other platforms like Zoom, Microsoft Teams, ON24 and Social27 may serve other needs. For example: “I advise clients to place their audience at the centre of their platform decision. Ensure it gives you the data needed, then balance features and functions with the desired audience experience — because sometimes, simpler is better.” Scott Jackson Managing Director, Through The I scottpjackson http://www.linkedin.com/in/scottpjackson","Before we continue… The next section will walk you through the LinkedIn Events experience. If you’re not streaming your event on LinkedIn or are organizing an in-person event, skip ahead to the section on event marketing. LinkedIn event formats LinkedIn event formats Skip to event marketing Skip to event marketing Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","LinkedIn Live brings your professional community together in real time Engagement opportunities are built into the experience, before, during and after your event You have the option of maximising attendance by boosting an organic post or using LinkedIn’s Event Ad format. Location is everything A brand-safe environment on the #1 most trusted social media platform. The right professional audience = quality attendees LinkedIn is the digital destination of choice for 1 billion+ professionals globally. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Maximise your impact in real time by choosing an event format that meets your goals Opt for LinkedIn Live to stream live video content to attendees using one of our third-party broadcasting tools","Whether you’re building brand or driving demand, use LinkedIn’s event formats to host targeted, engagement-focused moments with your community. Community and brand-building events Consider fireside chats, panels, interviews or Q&As, where your goal is to drive quality conversations around the content. Events for targeted audiences Rather than going live to your entire Page audience, target specific segments. LinkedIn Events can be a powerful vehicle for account based marketing efforts, verticalised events, and product demos for specific functions. Keynote and thought leadership sessions Ensure that your organisation’s major thought leadership events get the professional audience they deserve by extending the keynote or key sessions on LinkedIn. Salesforce achieved 30% cost reduction and direct sales impact (+24% connection requests, +52% InMail acceptance) by deploying Event Ads to promote Dreamforce 2024. LinkedIn’s Cannes Lions Studio drove 4,024% increase in total livestream views by leveraging Event Ads and Thought Leader Ads for pre-, during, and post-event promotion. Achieved 397k livestream views vs 2023’s 9k from other LinkedIn Ads formats Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up UNSW Sydney created a series of #CareersUnlocked events, live-streamed on LinkedIn, to engage post-grad audiences. View UNSW events on LinkedIn","Let’s create your event on LinkedIn! Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Do your admin groundwork Are you a Page admin? Only super or content Page admins can create and manage events on behalf of a Page. Is LinkedIn Live enabled for you? You will need to have an audience base of more than 150 followers, a history of abiding by our Professional Community policies, and be located outside of mainland China where these formats are unavailable. Learn more here. 1 https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a568503","Let’s create your event on LinkedIn! Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up 2 Decide on your event format How do you want to engage your audience? LinkedIn lets you control how you go live. Choose from: • LinkedIn Live to stream live video content to event attendees using one of our third-party broadcasting tools. • External event link allows you to share your event details on LinkedIn by entering an external link for participants to join.","Let’s create your event on LinkedIn! Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up 3 Enter your event details To create your event, you’ll need: • Event date, time, title and description • Cover image (recommended aspect ratio: 16:9) • Speaker names and LinkedIn profiles • Copy for an organic post to share your event Once your event is created, these fields cannot be changed: • Organizer • Event type (Online or In person) • Event format (LinkedIn Live or External event link) Learn more about editing an event here. Registration forms are available to help you collect quality leads from event attendees. Registration forms can be customised and are pre-filled with LinkedIn profile data. Learn more here. https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a554183 https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a550561/?lang=en_US","Go live! On the day of your event, go live and start engaging your audience in meaningful ways. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Let’s create your event on LinkedIn! 4 Promote your event Leverage LinkedIn’s organic and paid opportunities to drive high quality registrations. Jump to event marketing on LinkedIn. 5","In summary Plan like a pro with the LinkedIn Event Framework The eight-step framework is divided into key steps before, during and after the event. It is also mapped to specific metrics that you can use to measure and report on success. Go live — audiences on LinkedIn want to be engaged in real time LinkedIn platform data shows that live-streamed events tend to earn longer watch times among audiences — and produce stronger engagement. Host targeted, engagement-focused moments with LinkedIn’s event formats Host LinkedIn Live to bring your professional community together, in real-time and on the platform, with plenty of engagement opportunities built into the experience. Plug and play with LinkedIn Live’s streaming partners Use LinkedIn Live’s preferred third-party broadcast partners — SocialLive, Streamyard, Switcher Studio, Restream, and Vimeo — to deliver a seamless and engaging live event. Run LinkedIn Event Ads to reduce cost per registration by up to 40% LinkedIn Event Ads are exclusive to LinkedIn’s event formats and can help reduce cost per registration by up to 40%. This ad format comes with event-specific dashboard reporting as well.","Drive quality registrations, regardless of whether you’re hosting your event on or off LinkedIn Event marketing on LinkedIn","Whether you’re hosting your event on or off the LinkedIn platform, here’s how to market your event to the right professional audience 60-70% of LinkedIn event attendees are not Page followers. Paid marketing is essential to grow attendance. In APAC, attendees generally register 2 or more weeks prior to the event, so take this as your minimum window for promotion. Up to 10% of attendees follow the host’s LinkedIn Page before the event. Keep them interested with Page posts about your event. 40% of attendees join a virtual event to make connections. Create networking opportunities to help them stay engaged throughout the event. The average watch time of a virtual event is 20 minutes. When live attendance is a priority, sending out reminders and notifications before you go live can help secure attendance. 70% of attendees make new connections after the event. Leverage their desire to network by nurturing your event community and sales leads. 4 weeks before the event Drive organic & paid discovery 1-2 weeks before the event Amp up engagement & excitement 3 days before the event Ensure attendance Day of the event Manage attendance After the event Continue the conversation Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up “While virtual events may never fully replace face-to- face interaction between individuals, networking channels like LinkedIn are important as more people move onto virtual platforms to establish connections with like-minded professionals.” Lilian Chee Director, Industry Marketing Singapore Tourism Board","Market your event to the right professional audience over four weeks on LinkedIn 4 weeks before the event Drive organic & paid discovery 1-2 weeks before the event Amp up engagement & excitement 3 days before the event Ensure attendance Day of the event Manage attendance After the event Continue the conversation Get discovered organically • As people register for your event, it is organically pushed to their network to suggest attendance Add your speakers’ LinkedIn profiles to the event Share the event with your Page followers Expand your audience • Get your employees, speakers and leadership team to share the event with their network connections Drive attendance • Automatic reminder notifications are sent before the event on LinkedIn Automatic email reminders are sent • If you’re not using LinkedIn’s event formats, consider sending your own email reminders Go live on LinkedIn • A push notification is sent to all attendees and a subset of your followers once you go live • Have a dedicated person managing the networking tab for questions/leads from the audience Be mobile-first as 70% of viewers watch live events on mobile Encourage re-watching • Anyone can watch the recording on the event’s feed – even if they didn’t register or attend the event • Share your content with a broader audience through paid and organic promotion • If your content is evergreen, host it on your LinkedIn Page or website Scale awareness with paid promotion on LinkedIn • Amplify with Event Ads early so that it runs the entire lifecycle of your event Amplify with Sponsored Content and Sponsored Messaging Excite your audience Attendees are notified when the event is one week away and which of their connections are also attending Cultivate engagement Encourage speakers to post on your networking tab and interact with attendees Share event previews on your Page – including Polls, content snippets and reminders Stay top-of-mind Attendees automatically receive a final reminder 15 minutes before the event goes live • Warm your audience up in the networking tab Connect with attendees Nurture your attendees by seamlessly retargeting them in a follow-up campaign Encourage sales reps to connect with high-value prospects on LinkedIn indicates features exclusive to LinkedIn’s event formats","Simon T. Excited to be meeting everyone here! Vanessa H. Herman C. Mary S. Aaron K. How Adobe exceeded its event registration goals by 3x with an integrated organic and paid marketing strategy • Combined organic, paid and LinkedIn Live Events to showcase content leading up to the event: Adobe Summit Online. • It was the company’s first LinkedIn live stream – giving an overview of the online experience, new products and innovations to be presented at the summit. Full case study Break up content to provide a preview of the event Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up https://adobe.ly/2UIIBOF Question for fellow creatives Looking forward to the Q&A session! I’m here for the audience insights Curious about the AI powered platform","Event promotion: Organic on LinkedIn Post about your event on your LinkedIn Page Use a variety of ways such as by featuring speakers and drawing attention to key event content topics through polls and long-form articles Your LinkedIn Page followers are already engaged with your brand. Leverage this to promote your event to your community: “With other platforms, we’d had 50 to 100 people watching live at any one point. As soon as we went live with LinkedIn, we could see a huge difference. We had thousands of viewers even without paid promotion. It helps that a more relevant audience are already following us on the platform.” Sabrina Rodriguez Global Head of Digital Marketing, Dentsu Aegis Network Full case study Get your employees involved in event marketing Use the ‘Notify Employees’ feature to broadcast your event post to all your employees. Encourage them to share it with their network to amplify organic reach. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","How Chartered Accountants promoted their event organically on LinkedIn • Uploaded a document to highlight speakers in the feed while tagging the speakers and companies for greater reach • Event image effectively showcased the event title, date and key speakers • Used relevant hashtags to aid organic discoverability Provide a preview of your event content organically to drive interest Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Event promotion: Paid ads on LinkedIn Attract the right audience with LinkedIn’s paid advertising formats Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Event Ads Exclusive to LinkedIn Live, Event Ads are optimized for the entire event lifecycle. The ad dynamically changes before, during and after the event. Promoted by Flexis Thought Leader Ads Sponsor a speaker or thought leader’s post. Carousel Ads Showcase speakers or event content to drive interest. Message Ads Invite attendees with personalization at scale","When hosting a LinkedIn Live, use Event Ads to amplify reach and drive up to 40% lower cost per registration Compared to Single Image Ads, based on LinkedIn’s beta testing results Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Event Ads are purpose-built to help you maximise ROI from your event throughout the event lifecycle. With Event Ads, your target audience will dynamically be shown a different ad experience depending on if they’re seeing the ad before, during, or after the event. Before the event: Promote Drive event discovery and frictionless, single- click registrations. During the event: Engage Increase reach and views by delivering your live stream directly to your audience’s feed in real time. After the event: Momentum Promote on-demand playback of your event and build retargeting audiences to drive full- funnel results.","Event Ads come with event-specific reporting to help you measure success Campaign Manager offers a reporting dashboard by event stage as well as an aggregated view across all event stages. • Event Registrations: Total number of people who clicked “attend event” from your Event Ad • Click Registrations: Clicks that led to an event registration (member viewed an ad, clicked, and registered in the moment or later) • View Registrations: Impressions on ad that led to an event registration (member viewed an ad, did not click, and registered later) • Key Result: Number of times a campaign achieved an outcome based on objective and campaign settings (members clicked through to the Event page) Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","How Salesforce used Event Ads and Thought Leader Ads to drive attendance, viewership and engagement from Dreamforce 2024 Develop a concerted event marketing strategy across all touchpoints Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Promoting a LinkedIn Live event • Balancing the need to achieve maximum number of views possible, while also reaching a qualified audience, growing Salesforce's marketing pipeline and reaching whitespace accounts • Deployed Event Ads before, during and after Dreamforce, with additional support from Thought Leader Ads • Achieved 3.4M views at a cost per 5-min+ view that was 30% lower than targeted","To supercharge your event marketing strategy, or for events not hosted on LinkedIn, use Thought Leader Ads, Message Ads and Carousel Ads to drive quality registrations How LucaNet ASEAN used Conversation Ads to poll audience on key topics for its webinar agenda • Asked prospects to participate in a pulse survey and share their top-of-mind issues. • Used these findings to inform the agenda of a live webinar and retargeted respondents to register to attend the webinar. • Earned a remarkable 53% conversion rate with this approach. Full case study Pique interest by asking questions Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Promoting an event not hosted on LinkedIn","How Canva combined Single Image Ads and Carousel Ads to drive registrations • Ensured a strong, consistent branding across their LinkedIn ads and the event landing page • Hero image of the ad communicated a clear benefit of attending: connecting with fellow professionals • Featured a clear CTA to click to register on the landing page Use multiple ad formats and showcase your speakers Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Promoting an event not hosted on LinkedIn","In summary Leverage Event Ads to optimally promote LinkedIn Live sessions Event Ads will dynamically serve a relevant ad experience to your target audience depending on whether they see the ad before, during or after your event. Provide an on-demand preview of your event content Doing so helps audiences understand the value that they will get out of attending the event. It can also generate greater interest. Showcase your speakers One of the top reasons why LinkedIn members attend virtual events is to hear directly from expert speakers. Let your speakers headline your event marketing campaign to draw interest. Pique interest by asking questions Instead of simply pushing your message, engage your audiences by asking relevant questions. LinkedIn ad formats like Conversation Ads, which are inherently interactive, can help. Ensure a consistent experience from ad to landing page A seamless and friction-less experience can help improve registration rates. Allow four weeks for optimal event marketing This gives you sufficient time to reach out to your target audience using a mix of organic and paid media formats.","Proving impact and distilling learning insights for future events Engaging, measuring and reporting success","To keep your virtual event attendees engaged, give them what they want Why LinkedIn members attend virtual events Virtual event engagement strategies Choose to keep it simple or go the whole nine yards To hear content presented in real-time Vary your storytelling format by interspersing presentations with fireside chats and other formats. Provide multi-media resources beyond presentation decks. Think: podcasts, an infographic pack and more. Gather user-gathered content to get your attendees involved in content development for your event. To network/connect with other professionals Encourage use of the live chat by getting attendees to introduce themselves and interact in the chat. Play ‘This or That’ with attendees using the poll function to have them respond to your questions. Use gamification as an interstitial moment, such as in the form of a holding room activity. To interact with speakers Set aside time for Q&A so that speakers have at least 10-15 minutes to address attendees’ questions. Offer a post-event FAQ to share speakers’ responses to questions they didn’t get to answer during the live Q&A. Use a meeting scheduler tool to set up 1:1 sessions between interested attendees and speakers. To speak directly to a brand rep about products/services Allow attendees to sign up for 1:1 sessions after the event. Create smaller groups for deeper engagement using breakout rooms. Provide ‘office hour’ resources in the form of an expert or mentor after the event. ResourcesResources: Low Resources: Average Resources: High Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Use post-event surveys to gather both qualitative and quantitative performance data, such as Net Promoter Score and Net Satisfaction Score. Before they leave: Event survey Content relevance Rate how relevant the following event topics were to you and your business Event component satisfaction Rate your satisfaction with each event component (e.g., keynote session, networking, content, breakout sessions) Objective statement relevance Craft a statement based on your event objective (e.g., “I connected with sales reps and would like to learn more about their products and services”) and ask attendees: Rate how relevant this statement was to your experience. Purchase intent Did this event increase the likelihood that you’ll make a purchase with us in the next 3 months? Business impact Has this event enabled you to make a greater impact on your business? Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","After the event: Continue the conversation Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up Build on the engagement your event generated to keep nurturing audiences Keep your Event Ad running for 2 weeks Your Event Ad would have dynamically changed to a post-event one that is optimized to drive views to your on-demand recording. Retarget event attendees Create a custom audience of people who engaged with your event. Retarget them to continue nurturing them towards your desired marketing outcome. Before the event After the event","Analyse your event metrics to learn and refine your virtual event strategy 01. Registration diagnostics To help you understand how many registrations you attracted from your Event Ad and if these registrations were from your target audience, Campaign Manager Analytics offers: • Number of registrations: Total number of people who clicked “attend event” from your Event Ad • Registration rate: Number of people who registered as a function of number of people exposed to your ads • Registration demographics: The professional attributes of registrants as an indication of quality of registrations • Registration attribution: Where registrations came from, to help you understand which channels were most effective in driving registrations Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Analyse your event metrics to learn and refine your virtual event strategy 02. Viewer engagement While registrations indicate pre-event interest levels, viewership reflects the actual attendance. It also helps you understand how engaging your event was: • Number of viewers: Number of people who viewed your event live and on-demand • Minutes viewed: Total minutes the video has been watched for more than 3 seconds • Attendee demographics: To determine the quality of viewers, gain visibility into the top viewers from company and job title and the percentage of viewers matching your key audience • Engagement levels: Comments, reactions, shares, event post click- through rate, and event post engagement rate Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Analyse your event metrics to learn and refine your virtual event strategy 03. Key results Through your event, you may have deepened engagement with key prospects. A sales intelligence tool like LinkedIn Sales Navigator can enable your sales team to connect directly with attendees and start a sales conversation. • Sales leads generated: If a registration form was used, you can download leads to access lead quality. • Sales opportunities to network: Determined by comments between sales representatives and customers during the event • Marketing opportunities: Number of new Page followers Aaron K. 12 shared connections 23 shared connections 36 shared connections Pamela A. Deborah B. Carl. T. Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","Debrief and learn: Post-event analysis Prepare and share an event debrief document with team members and stakeholders. This could include: Event measurement Data and insights from measurement activities Internal feedback Feedback from internal stakeholders and the event team Key analysis Assessing overall event success and effectiveness against event objectives Actionable recommendations Follow-up sales and marketing opportunities as well as learning points for the next event Plan Set up Promote Engage Survey Measure Learn Success metrics: Registrations Success metrics: Engagement Success metrics: Opportunities Follow-up","In summary A virtual event doesn’t have to be fancy to be engaging Understanding what motivates LinkedIn members to attend a live-streamed event can help you develop the right engagement strategy even if you have limited resources. Run post-event surveys to gather qualitative and quantitative data Be purposeful in structuring your post-event survey questions. This can provide insights on content relevance, message resonance as well as Net Promoter Scores etc. Report pre-event success in terms of registration diagnostics Beyond total registrations, it’s also worthwhile to study registration demographics as an indication of audience quality as well as channel attribution to understand which marketing channels performed the best. Report event success in terms of viewer engagement In addition to total views and engagement, understanding peak viewership can provide insights on content or speaker relevance. Report post-event success in terms of key results and opportunities Tracking sales leads generated as well as opportunities for sales teams to connect with high- quality prospects are good ways of proving marketing impact."]}